	For Team Acme, Phase Two was much about improving our Phase One as it was for moving on with the Project. Phase One was a planning process where our team decided on what things we're looking for, in the final project. We created two personas, a librarian and a researcher. However, this was not enough; there were two other users which may use the system so it was important to include them. With the addition of librarian programmer and graduate personas came new and changed user stories. The user stories that we had come up with needed to be changed so that they were more testable. Along with that new user stories needed to be made for the new personas. There were also other minor changes we made along the way, such as cleaning up our introductions.
	Our team 2-3 face to face meetings weekly, allowing us to be very agile in our development process. We are constantly able to talk to each other about the development process and assist each other if needed. This also allowed us to iterate over changes as a team. When we couldn't meet in person we would discuss meeting up, or project related work using the mobile app, WhatsApp. This allowed us to get information as quick as possible from the other members in our group.
	For Phase Two, we were mainly building upon some of the user stories that we had come up with for the librarian during Phase One. However these were all slightly changed, as they weren’t clear or concise enough in our first iteration. We focused on setting up a database to store any date we might need, such as tweet or article data. We also began implementing functions to web scrape news sites, along with using a Python based Twitter API to search tweets and get information from users. We also finished our CRC cards which we think we’ll need by the end of the project. Moving forward we will need to start looking at way to analyze and come up with statistics based on the data we scrape from articles and tweets. Along with that we will need to start testing functions with sample sources and sites to see if our methods for this project is appropriate
	Like any project, there were problems and obstacles which our team had to overcome. The first problem we ran into was choosing a language to develop in. Our team was a little split, so we decided to try and look for a language with a lot of libraries which were relevant to the project. Then, our decision came down to Python 3.x or Python 2.7x. After finding what libraries were available we decided to use Python 2.7x. Unfortunately, the libraries which we were going to use turned out to be a bad fit for our project, and we had to quickly look for new ones. One obstacle we still have is working with WARC files, as we have not found a library that is consistent in its formatting when creating WARC files. We have thought of alternatives, however we are still constantly looking for anything which can help us work with WARC files. The last obstacle has was with improving Phase One. As mentioned early, our Phase One needed to be improved a lot. Unfortunately, we weren’t sure how to go about improving it. However, after 'meeting with our Professor we began fixing our mistakes and improving Phase One overall.
	Overall, we believe that Phase Two has been a success.	We feel that we are keeping up with our revaluated release plan, user stories and personas. We have successfully begun the full implementation of our article, and tweet scraping functions with the help of newspaper and Tweepy libraries. Along with setting up a database with PyMongo. We feel that we have efficiently set up the pathway for the rest of our work with these functions, our CRC cards along with our update personas and user stories. We believe that we have made good use of our GitHub repository, as all users have contributed and have committed with good messages. We look forward to moving on with the rest of our project.
