Dr. Lin K. Zhang
Image: http://gladstoneinstitutes.org/scientist/so
Dr. Lin K. Zhang is a 42-year-old anthropologist researcher working at a well-reputed university. She has 2 sons (age 17, 15) and a daughter (age 16). Her Husband is a very successful entrepreneur who works from home most days. Dr. Zhang only teaches one class a semester, and most of her work day involves researching the Middle East.  When she is not working, she does not involve herself in her research, unless something news-breaking happens. Instead, she rather spend time with her family, go shopping with friends, or participating in an adult volleyball league at the university. She sleeps early as possible, often falling asleep before her children.
In 1999, Dr. Zhang obtained her PHD in Anthropology from the university she currently works at. Two years ago she became the research lead for media relations affecting the Middle East. She’s usually at the University 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, five days a week. She teaches her class 2 hours twice a week, and has an open door policy where she’ll address student’s concerns. Throughout the rest of her time working she is focused on keeping up with news involving the Middle East. Taking a coffee break with her husband at precisely 12:00 PM, where anything work related is off-limits. She then continues her research for the remainder of her work day.
As the research lead she will be responsible for making sure that all software is understood by every member of the research team. However, she is not the most tech-savvy person, so software that is clear, concise, and self-explanatory is preferred. She only works with computers for her research, other than that her only device is her cell phone. She has a Nokia flip-phone which she’s had for the last 10 years. Her husband has offered her new phones, but she says, “It still works, no point in getting a new one.” She needs other people to install software for her, as she is not comfortable with many technical terms. She usually gets other people in the research team to get statistics and maintain them. Instead she will guide the team in what and where to research. Dr. Zhang regularly uses email to answer questions from her students and research team, but only when at work.
Dr. Zhang was born in China, but moved to Canada when she was very young. After 40 years of living in Canada, her English is fluent. She is very comfortable communicating with her team, however she likes things done her way. She would appreciate information displayed in both numbers and visually. She’s not very interested in social media, excluding her research so being able to access that through software would be helpful for her. She likes to keep things organized, and have different forms of media separated, unless they have a direct relation.
